  LFC XI Prediction DGW34    Make sure to follow @Jumpthewave for the full hive mind results and my predictor colleagues @stephenm6464 & @FPL_Baldie   #FPL #FULLIV #EVELIV #LFC #LIV #FPLCommunity   Opinions are always my own!    Fulham  ️KO Sunday 16:30 BST  Craven Cottage   Everton  ️KO Wednesday 20:00 BST  Goodison Park   ️Presser information ️  Post match Atalanta press conference quotes I feel are important:  Jürgen Klopp on what is next -  Now we can focus on the league and that s what we will do. We have a few days to recover, we ll do that and travel day after tomorrow to London and we will play Fulham which will be tricky but we will give our absolute all. That s our competition now.   JK on Alexander-Arnold and Mac Allister -  The biggest problem for us in the second half was that we couldn t keep that tempo. For us we saw tonight, Trent Alexander-Arnold which player we didn t have for a while now and as long as he was fresh he, together with Macca, he set the tempo, the rhythm, the direction of the game and then obviously he was a bit running out of gas. Macca had to go through this game which is crazy and the way he did it is absolutely insane but that was the difference. I really think if we could have kept this kind of tempo, we can do that usually, tonight it was not that easy. We could have kept a high rhythm a bit longer I think but Atalanta changed in the second half.   On Salah s form -  I m not particularly concerned. That s what strikers do, that s what happens to strikers, that s how it is. We have to go through this, he has to go through that. He is one of the most experienced players we have in the squad. We will go through that. That s pretty much all. It s not that Mo didn t miss chances before in his life, that s part of the game now. The penalty was super convincing, it was a super penalty and then the next chance obviously that was unlucky but that s not the first time that he missed a chance like that. I don t make a bigger story of it, what you make of it I have no influence obviously. No but I m not particularly concerned.   On fatigue -  No, it s always a mix of all. Imagine we would not be tired and had a sh*t tactical plan. So not sophisticated obviously. Or the other way around, if a great plan and tired, very tired. So, it s not about that. We will fight through that, we will go for it.    It is a tough period and it has to be tough. We are going for, 3 teams go to win the Premier League. If that would be easy then something would be completely wrong. But it was always a mix of sophisticated plans and physical and mental freshness. 